Overview

This document should be used to manage the team’s project. The instructors will reference your document to where your team is currently in the project. This template should be updated daily.

Before filling out this form, please have the team lead complete the following steps:
After receiving a project, this form should be completed by 9:30am EST the following day.

Make a copy of the document.
Name the document TeamName_ProjectName_ProjectPlan.  Ex.  LowesTeam1_Capstone_ProjectPlan
Share this document with all team members
Work with your team to fill out the rest of the template

Project Manager
@projectmanager (tag the PD project Manager)
Team Lead
@teamlead (tag the team lead)
Teammates
@team mates. (tag your teammates)
Objective
Summarize the objective in 1-2 sentences. Refer to the project requirements to help you write this.
Due date
Project Due date
Key outcomes
All webpages are mobile and tablet responsive
Homepage consists of react components
Project status
 Not Started (Please ensure this is updated daily)


Problem Statement
Describe the problem and its impact. Include the hypothesis driving your work ("We think X will do Y, and we'll know we've succeeded if Z").

Scope
Scope is a way to set boundaries on your project and define exactly what goals, deadlines, and project deliverables you'll be working towards.

Must Have
(add the project requirements here)
Responsive Nav Bar
Connection to database
Hosted on AWS
Nice To Have
(add features that would be extra)
Upgrade database to RDS instance instead of MySql
Not in Scope
(add features that are out of scope)
Integrate a React solution


Milestones/Deadlines
Use this table to manage all project tasks.
Right-click and select “Insert Row” to add additional rows for additional tasks. Copy and paste the status to use the dropdown
T-Shirt Sizing is where you rate the importance of a task.
Large = Important tasks, the project will grind to a halt without it.  This could also be a task that will take a large amount of research or time to complete.
Medium = require a medium amount of effort to complete.
Small = Low-priority tasks.  As you learn new skills, tasks that used to be large may become small tasks.  Such as “Add JS validation to the contact form”
*note* everyone in the group has to agree on the T-Shirt Size of a task.


Task
Details
Owner
(make sure to @ the owner)
Deadline
T-Shirt Sizing
Status


Make index.html page mobile responsive
The site needs to be responsive for mobile and tablet
 Justin McNeil
12/31/2022
 Small
 Not Started








 Medium
 Blocked








 Large
 In Progress








 Medium
 Completed








 Large
 Not Started

Agile Methodology
To practice agile methodology, please submit the following form daily by 9:30 a.m. leading up to the project.  You should meet with your team before this form submission.

Agile Methodology Submission Form
Reference Materials
Add links to articles, webpages, youtube videos, etc that will help your team with the project

www.youtube.com
Notes: 1:10  This will help Justin McNeil work on the API calls